Terraform why this way (#25746)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/why-this-way.md

4. **Software vulnerabilities:** Since GitHub only allows one latest release per repository, we currently maintain two repositories to host our CVE/CPE database releases: 
  - _vulnerabilities:_ [`fleetdm/vulnerabilities`](https://github.com/fleetdm/vulnerabilities)
  - _nvd:_ [`fleetdm/nvd`](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd)

> 5. **Terraform modules:** Since terraform clones the entire repo once per each tagged version of a module, a full `terraform init` using the terraform AWS modules was taking up over 11 GB of space when the modules resided in [fleetdm/fleet](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet).  This was significantly reduced when migrating the terraform modules to [fleetdm/fleet-terraform](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet-terraform) as the entire repo is mostly text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Terraform modules:** Since Terraform clones the entire repo once per tagged version of a module, we maintain a separate repo for Terraform modules at [fleetdm/fleet-terraform](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet-terraform) to expedite deployments using `terraform init`.
```

Reviewer: I think we can edit this down a bit.
